Swimsuit Issue is one of the most
recognized faces in the world but a
Cindy Homme discovered when she sat down
with valaria her future goals are much
like many other single women hot hot
that's valerian Martha the Argentinian
beauty is sitting on top of the modeling
world a lot of people forget her claim
to fame came as the guest girl but it's
Valeria's recent appearance on the cover
of Sports Illustrated that is making her
a household name the swimsuit issue is
of course mandatory reading for sports
fanatics like these fans take fight out
I see Sports Illustrated the swimsuit I
mean I'm blind in one eye but I couldn't
miss how beautiful you are
you're absolutely awesome baby with a
capital A Valerius appearance in the
swimsuit issue seems all too appropriate
the 22 year old supermodel says swimming
has always been one of her greatest
passions swim for like 10 years so my
dream was to be the Olympic
not to be a model for Olympic dreams
were detoured when she was spotted by a
famous Argentinean hairstylist who
suggested she pursue modeling and the
rest as they say is history when you
swim you are alone you know you're not
in a team
malaria one of the most sought after
models in the world is very realistic
when it comes to her career she knows
modeling won't last forever so where do
you see yourself in 10 years I hope I
gave you Mari
like four or five kids and the burning
question happened the American
population would like to ask the
supermodel do you have a man in your
life yes his name is Hans
sorry guys for now I guess you'll have
to continue admiring valaria on pages of
fashion magazines by the way valaria
works for Special Olympics and she says
one day she'd like to open